It is the left third time
Control board too
February 8
Tilt to the left
In the selected yacht year
control-
I will do it next month
mini-x expand
Control number
Mr. proportional
I'm looking forward to steering
At this time action
Favorite
Control group
Triple back
incompatible
Restore to original position
Next will rise
Step on the accelerator pedal
There is engine power
Basically the control bar is the same
The aircraft will ascend steadily
Belongs to level flight
Return engine power
Control number
I am myself
Through the city
next
It is exchange
Being engine power
Control number
Pull in
I will go down to the aircraft
New Year's Day
Control field
In front of the country
10-12
Engine power
I will go on again
Next is spiral exchange
Being engine power
It completely disappeared after the ceremony
While turning left
I will go down sharply
Fall down
Calm down
12th place
Finally
It is rising while turning to the right
Increase engine power
Turn to the right
While turning to the right, the behavior will come and go
Return to brown
It was a pilot maneuver